[Metricbeat][Kubernetes] Remove mandatory permissions for namespace and node (#38762)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG-developer.next.asciidoc

==== Bugfixes

> - Do not start namespace and node watchers on metricbeat autodiscover if `add_resource_metadata` is disabled along with `hints`.{pull}38762[38762]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handle the starting of namespace and node watchers for metadata enrichment according to `add_resource_metadata` configuration.{pull}38762[38762]
```
